docs/index.md, before:

---
title: PyTexas Meetup
description: Welcome to the PyTexas Meetup! Happy to see y'all!
---

# PyTexas Meetup


![PyTexas Logo](assets/images/pytexas-logo.png){align=right}

The PyTexas Meetup is a virtual meetup, held in Discord, that aims to 
connect the Python developers within the great state
of Texas and beyond. 

[Join the Discord :fontawesome-brands-discord:](https://discord.gg/jNPAbcNukj){ .md-button .md-button--primary}
[Speak at the PyTexas Meetup :fontawesome-solid-person-chalkboard:](https://forms.gle/a9WrW7wJSkPCCG437){ .md-button .md-button--primary}

## Upcoming PyTexas Meetups

### January Meetup - January 7, 2025_

#### Diagrams and You - Josh Schneider

Before and After you code, you have to be able to communicate your ideas, both to yourself and to others. With humans being the visual creatures that we are, one of the most effective ways to communicate complex ideas is with a diagram. I mean, cave drawings worked for early man, why can't they work for engineers, right?

Come along as Josh talks about several types of diagrams, their properties, their faults, and what they're good for!

![Josh Schneider Avatar](https://github.com/dijital20.png){: style="height:150px;width:150px" align=left}

*Josh Schneider is an Application Security Engineer, recovering Test Automation Engineer, movie nerd, and PyTexas organizer. When he's not hanging out with his boys, playing video games, drinking coffee, or talking comedy; he's probably talking code!*

Commit message:

Added January Meetup, and February Meetup tease (#35)

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: PyTexas Meetup
description: Welcome to the PyTexas Meetup! Happy to see y'all!
---

# PyTexas Meetup


![PyTexas Logo](assets/images/pytexas-logo.png){align=right}

The PyTexas Meetup is a virtual meetup, held in Discord, that aims to 
connect the Python developers within the great state
of Texas and beyond. 

[Join the Discord :fontawesome-brands-discord:](https://discord.gg/jNPAbcNukj){ .md-button .md-button--primary}
[Speak at the PyTexas Meetup :fontawesome-solid-person-chalkboard:](https://forms.gle/a9WrW7wJSkPCCG437){ .md-button .md-button--primary}

## Upcoming PyTexas Meetups

### February Meetup - February 4, 2025

#### Celery and its challenges in production - Dishant Sethi

"Asynchronous task queues like Celery have become essential in handling time-consuming or background jobs and optimising performance in production.

Running Celery at scale comes with unique challenges. In this talk, will explore topics such as:

- maintaining worker reliability
- optimising tasks
- handling errors
- handling retries effectively
- task prioritisation
- monitoring
- autoscaling based on number of tasks under heavy workload"

![Dishant Sethi Avatar](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/31399916){: style="height:150px;width:150px" align=left}

*I’m Dishant! I’m a computer science graduate with over 5 years of experience in software development, cloud infrastructure, and AI/ML pipelines. I’ve had the opportunity to work with a few early-stage startups in Boston and New York, providing software consultancy. These days, I’m focused on building AI applications, helping teams solve technical challenges and build scalable solutions.*

*When I’m not working on tech, you’ll probably find me in the kitchen, experimenting with new recipes. Feel free to reach out if you would like to talk about product engineering, AI, or cooking.*
